Add nightstalker to kobolds. (#1329)
crawl/crawl: crawl-ref/source/dat/descript/species.txt

%%%%
Kobold

> Kobolds are small, mischievous and a little fragile, but multi-talented. Shadows envelop them as they grow in power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kobolds are small, enveloped in shadow and a little fragile, but multi-talented.
```
